Update source.md (#14)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Installation/guides/source.md

To build Vinegar from source, you will need to install Go; it can be found packaged as `golang` or `go` on some Linux distributions.

## For Arch and derived:
```sh
sudo pacman -S go
```
## For Ubuntu and derived:
```sh

> sudo apt install golang-go

Reviewer: This wont work, Go for Ubuntu is out of date and Vinegar requires Go 1.20.

Author: so the only options is basically to compile a binary?

Reviewer: Flatpak or use the Go PPA

Reviewer: Which didn't work for some...

Author: > Which didn't work for some...

ubuntu is proving to be a hard operating system to use

Reviewer: Remove the ubuntu instructions

Author: > Remove the ubuntu instructions

yes i will, and i will make a script for ubuntu users to use

Author: > Remove the ubuntu instructions

i will make a script ant then i will pr an update to the wiki

Reviewer: No. Remove it.

Author: > No. Remove it.

i removed it if you dont see
![image](https://github.com/vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io/assets/95132822/4d16c6dd-e2c6-453d-a2ed-55e5c49da187)

To build Vinegar from source, you will need to install Go; it can be found packaged as `golang` or `go` on some Linux distributions.

## For Arch and derived:
```sh
sudo pacman -S go
```
## For Ubuntu and derived:
```sh

> golang in the repositories is a bit out-dated and won't work with vinegar(vinegar requires v1.20), though don't worry because Florennum is making a script for you.

Reviewer: Remove.

Author: ok

To install Vinegar (in the source directory of vinegar):
```sh
sudo make PREFIX=/usr install
```

> In this example we will use the /usr directory so of course we will need root permissions, so sudo is needed (you can change the directory if wanted, though this is the recommended directory for the installation). This will install Vinegar itself and it's icons for Roblox and Vinegar. It will also install the desktop files required for recognition by MIME.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we will install Vinegar on the system, which requires the `/usr` prefix in-order to be recognized by other applications, this will install Vinegar itself and it's icons for Roblox and Vinegar. It will also install the desktop files required for recognition by MIME.
```
